[singing voice] Aniplex.
[flames roaring]
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[body thuds]
[birds chirping]
[Sakura] Shirou?
[groans]
Um, sorry,
but it's time to wake up.
Good morning, Sakura.
Hi.
Hope you slept well last night.
[grunts]
I'm really sorry.
I should have been up
and helping
with the morning chores already.
Don't worry about that, Shirou.
You were up really late again,
weren't you?
I was,
but you know that's no excuse.
I know but let me handle all
the morning chores
for you today.
I mean,
if you leave
this place messy again,
Ms. Fujimura
will get really angry.
Yeah, you have a point.
I don't wanna piss her off.
Okay, breakfast will be ready
in a minute,
so hurry up.
[Shirou] Man, I fell asleep
before finishing again.
I lack focus.
[magical humming]
[Mashiro Ayano's "Ideal White"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Mashiro singing in Japanese]
[birds chirping]
[Shirou grunting]
‐ Mmm, perfect.
‐ [Newscaster] In business news,
a justice department
head announced
that the department
has finally approved
the merger of TK Airlines
and TT Airways.
[zipper zipping]
‐ Hmm.
‐ [Newscaster] The justice
department was going
to object to this merger due
to the possible complications
of anti‐trust law
but both airlines agreed
to take the next few steps...
Thanks, Sakura.
But you really don't have
to do all this.
Don't be silly.
It's no trouble at all.
[Sakura] I do this because
I enjoy it.
[grunts]
Hey, good morning, Fujine.
Good morning.
Mm?
[Shirou] Thank you for the food!
[Sakura] Thank you for the food.
[quirky music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[snickers]
[chomps]
[groans]
Oh, my, Shirou!
What the hell?
It's Worcestershire sauce!
Talk about a bad combination.
Who could eat this stuff?
‐ [Taiga laughs]
‐ Huh?
Ha, ha!
I snuck in
and swapped the labels
on the sauce bottles earlier!
Yay!
[giggles]
Ugh, who pulls a stunt like that
first thing in the morning?
Can't believe
you're gonna be 25.
Mm‐hmm!
[Shirou] I guess
you'll always be
the same old Fujine.
You deserved it!
It's payback from yesterday!
[chomps]
Shirou, drink tea!
I was thinking that
you seemed awfully quiet.
Turns out it was 'cause
you were plotting this prank.
Mm, damn straight I was,
and thanks to you,
I don't have nearly enough time
to score some tests
this morning.
[both gasping]
So I gotta run
or I'll never get it done!
[chomping]
Thank you!
[engine revving]
[Taiga] See you down at school!
Make sure you don't
get there late,
and don't go back to sleep,
okay?
Well, I'm outta here!
[giggles]
[engine revving]
And Sakura,
breakfast was as delicious
as ever!
‐ [exhales]
‐ Um,
you're very welcome, I guess,
Ms. Fujimura.
[Shirou] Damn that Fujine.
Look, I know that she's
the landlord's daughter,
but why does she have
to eat here every single day?
She's no better
than a freeloader.
[chomps]
[gagging]
[Sakura] Did you do something
to her yesterday
to make her wanna pull
that prank?
[Shirou] I accidentally
called her by her nickname.
[Sakura] If that's the case
then you deserved it.
You should be careful.
She hates her nickname,
and she especially hates it
when she hears it coming out
of your mouth.
[groans]
In our next story...
[Newscaster] Workers
in a building
in New City's Office District
were discovered unconscious
by relief shift workers
and were taken to the hospital
late last night.
According to a police spokesman,
since the victims seemed
to be suffering
from hypoxia when found,
They believe it may be
the result of a gas leak.
Hear that?
Another gas leak in New City.
[Shirou] That's disturbing news.
We gotta be careful, too.
[Sakura] You don't need
to worry about that.
See?
I've got it under control.
I double check the gas valve
every day.
So we're safe.
[Newscaster] Tickets to be one
of the first in line...
Uh, I think you missed
the point.
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Shirou] Well,
work hard at club practice.
Okay, I will,
but why don't you maybe stop by
the dojo this morning?
Thanks, but I have to go
to the student council office.
Oh, yes, yes, of course.
I'm so sorry.
Please forget I asked.
Well, I should get going.
I'll cook something for dinner
you like tonight, okay?
Hmm?
[Issei] The school's
budgeting priorities
are completely out of whack.
Yeah, athletic clubs get most
of the budget.
Everybody else gets the crumbs.
[Issei grunts]
And so the non‐athletic
club rooms
are in bad shape.
They've given zero thought
to how to deal
with our heater problem.
You're kidding me.
There are more broken heaters?
There are.
[Shirou] Like I figured,
this one's just showing its age.
Yes, but can you fix it, Emiya?
‐ [Shirou] I can.
‐ That's a relief.
[Shirou] I'll have it fixed
in a jiffy.
Issei, could you wait outside?
Of course.
I'll get out of your way.
[door slides closed]
Okay.
[magical humming]
[Shirou] There are two spots
where the heating element
is about to break.
The heat transfer pipe
is still good.
I can patch the power cord
with electrical tape for now.
[Issei grunts]
Tohsaka!
[Shirou] Tohsaka?
[Rin] Well,
student council president.
Are you really patrolling
the campus this early
in the morning,
or is it maintenance
on the club rooms?
Not that I care either way.
Ever the diligent student.
[Issei scoffs]
And what might you have up
your sleeve this morning?
I know that you aren't
in any clubs
so why are you here so early?
[Rin] I felt like it,
that's all.
[Shirou] Okay, Issei.
I fixed it.
Oh, thanks a lot.
I asked you for your help
and then you ended up
doing everything.
I'm very sorry, Emiya.
It's okay.
Where's the next one?
‐ We don't have a lot of time.
‐ [Issei] Right.
It's over in the AV room.
‐ [exhales]
‐ [Issei] They say
it's been acting up lately,
but I think it's finally
lived out its lifespan.
If it's dead,
I can't fix that.
Why don't you buy a new one?
That'd be quicker.
[grunts]
That's true,
but I'd appreciate it if
you'd take a look at it anyway.
I mean,
it looked lifeless to me,
but you may be able to see
if it's just faking it.
Okay.
I'll give it a try.
I didn't know you came
to school this early.
Hmm?
[Shirou grunts]
The art club's stove will have
to wait until lunch.
All right.
[Shinji] You're quite
the busy bee this morning,
Emiya.
I was wondering
what you'd been up
to after quitting the club.
You're the student council
president's errant boy?
[groans]
[gasps]
If you need anything,
just let me know, Shinji.
If it's something
I can help with,
I will.
You were never good
at mending bows,
or restringing them,
for that matter.
Uh...
I don't need or want your help!
Besides, you're not
a club member anymore,
so stay out of the dojo
if you know what's good for you!
Matou's a real jerk.
Talking to you that way when he
was the one who single‐handedly
drove you from the club.
[Shirou] It's okay.
That's just how he is.
You get used to it
the longer you know him.
Really?
You do, do you?
Yes, I'm afraid you do.
[school bell rings]
[grunts]
Look out.
Ms. Fujimura is about
to barrel in.
Whoo!
Yes, made it on time!
Yay!
Good morning, class!
I'm going
to take attendance now!
[lively music]
Emiya, you better hurry
and eat before
the lunch break ends
and you have
to go back to class.
S'okay.
I'm just about finished.
[soldering iron hisses]
I can't believe that you're not
only fixing the heaters,
but also personal items
for other people.
Like they say,
in for a penny,
in for a pound.
[exhales sharply]
I know you like being Mr.
Nice Guy...
And being helpful is great,
but you should really learn
to say no sometimes.
You take "turn no one away"
way too far.
[exhales sharply]
Do I really look
that unprincipled to you?
Look, you're opening yourself up
to being taken advantage
of by the inconsiderate.
You could think about turning
people down every once
in a while.
I'm afraid not, Issei.
What's wrong
with helping others?
As heir to a temple,
you shouldn't think that.
Emiya.
I'm just saying that
you take it too far.
If you keep going like this,
it'll burn you out.
Thank you.
That's duly noted.
There.
I'm all done.
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
Huh?
[wind blows]
[Illyasviel] If you don't
summon yours soon,
you're gonna die,
big brother.
[gasps]
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Taiga] You should really
come home early
at times like this!
It's dangerous out there!
Weren't you listening
to me in homeroom?
Well, um,
I had to do some errands.
[exhales sharply]
Don't tell me you
were helping someone again.
You're a lot like Kiritsugu,
trying so hard for others,
and it makes me worry about you.
Excuse me,
Ms. Fujimura?
‐ Hmm?
‐ I've been wondering
if Shirou has always been
this way.
Yeah,
for as long as I've known him.
As you can see,
Shirou can't turn away anyone
who's in trouble.
Guess that's his personality.
"To help the weak
and crush the strong,"
he used to say.
When he was younger,
Shirou wrote,
"My dream when I grow up
is to become a hero of justice!"
It was quite an essay.
[inhales sharply]
Sounds like he was amazing
when he was young, too.
Well, you can chalk all that up
to Fujine.
When kids are around
immature adults,
they try not
to follow them too close.
Now, if you don't agree with me,
cook your own damn meal
for once.
What?
[whimpers]
You bring me to the brink
of tears!
Sakura, dear!
Refill, please!
[dramatic piano music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[exhales]
All right,
trace on.
[magical whooshing]
[Shirou] Tracing
basic structure.
Now tracing component materials.
Altering structure,
begin.
Component materials,
strengthening.
[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
Damn, I failed again.
This is so basic.
I can't believe
I still can't do it.
I'll always be a novice.
[groans]
This is so frustrating.
I can't figure it out.
How am I gonna become
a hero of justice?
Sakura?
Wait a second.
What's wrong?
What happened to your hand?
[whimpers]
It's Shinji again,
isn't it?
What's he thinking,
raising a hand to his sister?
N‐‐No,
my brother didn't hurt me!
I, um, go this...
When I tripped
and fell earlier today.
You can't get a bruise
like that from falling!
I knew it.
But my brother had nothing
to do with this, honest!
I got hurt by myself,
and that's all.
[gasps]
If that's what you say happened,
then I'll just leave it at that.
It is.
I'm very sorry, Shirou.
I don't get it.
What are you apologizing for,
Sakura?
Shinji's the one to blame.
[Taiga] Ooh, Shirou!
Is that your famous
rolled omelets I smell?
Huh?
[birds chirping]
Hmm?
[indistinct chatter]
[Issei] Ah, hello, Emiya.
Shall we eat our lunch?
Oh, no.
I'm sorry, Issei.
I'm getting food
at the cafeteria.
But you never eat in there.
Did something happen?
‐ Not really.
‐ Right.
[Souichirou] Ryuudou.
Do you have a minute?
Huh?
I'm here, sir.
How can I help you,
Mr. Kuzuki?
[grunts]
[machine beeps]
[Ayako] Hmm.
Going for the chef's choice
for lunch today, huh?
Don't you usually eat lunch
with the student
council president?
Yeah.
‐ [Shirou] Hey, Mitsuzuri.
‐ [Ayako] Hmm?
Has Sakura seemed okay
to you lately?
Sakura?
Yeah.
She's practicing her heart out.
I see.
[Ayako] It's her brother
that's the problem.
He's been tearing into
the first year boys
something awful.
‐ [Shirou] What for?
‐ [Ayako] From what I hear,
he got into it with Tohsaka
and got shot down pretty hard.
‐ [Shirou] Tohsaka?
‐ [Ayako] Hey!
Keep your voice down!
Oh!
Well anyway,
Shinji's been
in a really foul mood
ever since it happened.
I've had to keep a close eye
on him during practice
to keep him in line,
so I'm exhausted.
Yeah, Shinji does have
a nasty temper all right.
I'm just worried
that he'll do something
to her for revenge.
I really don't think you have
to worry.
He would avoid someone
who rejected him.
Yeah, but there's no way he
can avoid her if she comes
to where he is.
Huh?
[Ayako] I don't know
what's going on,
but Tohsaka's been coming
to walk to the dojo
a lot lately.
Then again,
you probably don't know,
since you quit the club.
Oh, yeah.
I'm telling you,
it was hilarious.
[both laughing]
He got so scared,
he about peed his pants!
[all laughing]
When Shinji gets mad,
he just doesn't know when
to stop.
‐ [Kaede] Hey, you there!
‐ Hmm?
‐ [Kaede shouts]
‐ Oh!
[Shirou grunts]
Shinji Matou!
I hate to break it to you,
but Rin Tohsaka isn't going
to show up,
no matter how long you wait!
[scoffs]
Huh?
[Kane] Maki,
this guy doesn't match
the description Mitsuzuri
gave us.
He doesn't have seaweed hair,
either.
[Kaede] The way I see it,
he just wet down
his naturally curly hair
to straighten it,
and a face this stupid‐looking
can only belong
to Shinji Matou!
You've got it all wrong.
I'm not Shinji, okay?
See what I mean?
That's what
the bad guys always say.
Wait a second.
[gasps]
I'm sorry
but would you mind showing
your student ID to us?
Sure.
Here.
Hmm.
‐ [Kaede gasps]
‐ Like he said,
we've got
the wrong guy cornered.
[Kaede] Emiya?
That Emiya?
The guy who fixes all our gear
whenever he has
a moment to spare?
That one?
The one they call
the Homurahara Brownie?
You know,
I've never heard that nickname,
but I do know the president
of the track club.
[shouts]
I'm sorry!
[Yukika] We're all sorry.
It seemed like you were looking
for someone,
so we just assumed
you were Matou.
It's okay.
What was that you said
about Tohsaka not coming here?
Did something happen to her?
She stayed home and said
she wasn't coming in today.
Yeah, Tohsaka's sick, dude.
She says she's got a cold,
so she's gonna hang out
in bed today.
Can you believe a model student
like her is capable
of catching a common cold?
[groans]
‐ We're very sorry, Emiya.
‐ [groaning]
Especially
for our exotic beast here,
but you shouldn't be here,
either.
Weren't you told that students
with no club meetings
were to go straight home?
[Shirou] No, I wasn't.
Why?
Uh, so you don't know?
[Kane] There was
a terrible murder
at an intersection
very near our school.
Of a family of four,
the only survivor
was a little kid.
The parents and older daughter
were stabbed to death.
The killer is still at large,
and everybody's freaking about
about how it seems like
a random killing.
In New City,
they have those gas leaks.
Over here,
we've got a grizzly murder.
With all that happening,
it's no wonder they're sending
students home early.
[wind blowing]
[engine rumbling]
I don't need reminding.
[dramatic piano music]
[Shirou] Helping others
and being a hero
of justice aren't
the same thing.
[door slides open]
[gasps]
[Kiritsugu] Yes, I see.
Thank you.
Hello.
You must be Shirou.
I suppose I'll come right out
and ask you
what you would prefer:
being sent off to an orphanage
or being taken in by
a man that you just met.
[gasps]
[groans]
Hmm.
[inhales sharply]
[grunts]
[exhales sharply]
[chuckles]
[Kiritsugu] I'm glad.
Then let's get you dressed
right away.
You need to get acclimated
to your new home
as soon as possible.
Oh.
[chuckles]
I forgot to mention
something you should know.
I have to tell you
an extremely important fact.
Ready?
Yeah.
I should do this right now.
You see, Shirou...
I am a mage.
[bus engine revving]
Okay, it's too early
to go to work.
[dramatic piano music]
[rain pattering]
[Kiritsugu] He's alive.
Thank God.
He's alive!
[crying]
[whimpers]
[Kiritsugu] Thank you.
Thank you.
[crying]
I'm so glad I found you.
I'm so glad I found someone.
[crying]
I have been saved.
[Shirou] It's all very murky,
but the only thing I remember
of that day ten years ago
is that it was hot
and that I couldn't breathe,
and that I was trying
to save someone,
but that someone ended up dying
after all.
I hate that.
It makes me mad when people
who try so hard die anyway.
Is it greedy of me to wish
for an outcome where everyone
is saved and shares
their happiness with others?
[Kiritsugu]
It's not that simple,
because what
you're describing...
Is trying to save everyone
in the world, Shirou.
[Shirou] The kid me listened,
but wasn't convinced at all
by Kiritsugu's answer.
I mean...
He saved my life, right?
I knew he was a mage who
could do just about anything.
So I asked Kiritsugu
if he could have saved everyone
back then.
And if he could,
why didn't he?
[exhales]
But his answer confused me.
Shirou,
choosing to save someone
means choosing not
to save another.
You see,
no matter what
your intention is...
You can only save those
who belong to your side.
I know it should be obvious...
But that's the definition
of a hero of justice.
[Shirou] I understand that now.
When you put it like that,
it's obvious.
But still‐‐
but still I hate it.
I don't care about salvation
that's limited
to a set number of people.
I can't bear seeing others
who I didn't know
dying around me
like they did that day.
[gasps]
[groans]
That was Tohsaka.
Wasn't it?
[Woman] You should've
told me sooner.
When it comes to ramen,
you can just leave it to me.
[Man] You sure about that?
[Woman] I'm actually an expert
in the art of ramen.
[Shirou] Hey, where's Sakura?
[Taiga] Mm, she was feeling kind
of tired
and needed
to go home early tonight.
Why'd you let her go home
by herself?
It's too dangerous.
You were the one who warned
us both that it wasn't safe
to go out alone right now.
Don't you remember?
[Taiga] Don't worry.
I sent one of my guys with her
so she'll be fine.
[Shirou] You know you should
have been the one to go.
You're our teacher,
after all.
[Taiga] Huh?
If I did that I wouldn't get
to eat dinner
until way after 10:00 o'clock.
Anyway, don't blame me.
It's your own fault
for coming home so late because
of work.
My stomach always
waits patiently
for you on work days.
It does, huh?
You do know that you have
the option
of eating dinner
at your own house, don't you?
Hmm?
But I've told you, Shirou.
This is my own house.
[grunts]
Yeah, right.
Huh?
[Shirou] What's this?
Oh, they gave it to me,
but I don't need it,
so you can have it if you want.
Nah, that's okay.
I don't want it, either!
[grunts]
[groans]
Ha, ha!
You're sadly mistaken
if you think you can hit me,
Mr. Novice.
[Taiga] If you don't like it,
I suggest you take time
to practice more.
[groans]
[Taiga] But more importantly,
Shirou,
I'm really,
really hungry.
I've been waiting like
a good girl
so hurry up
and make dinner already!
[Shirou] Yeah, yeah.
[birds chirping]
[door slides open]
[door slides closed]
Shirou, sorry,
but after tonight,
I won't be able to help out
with dinner for a while.
I hope you don't mind.
[Shirou] Sure,
don't worry about it.
Besides, it's the weekend.
You should be hanging out
with your friends.
What?
[gasps]
No, it's not like that!
It's a personal thing I have
to take care of,
but I'll still be going
to all the club practices.
So if anything comes up,
don't hesitate to come
to the dojo
and I'll see what I can do!
I mean it.
It's not like I'm goofing off
just because it's the weekend!
[groaning]
I mean, I just...
I'd appreciate it
if you didn't get
the wrong idea about all this.
I understand.
If something comes up,
I'll go to the dojo.
[Sakura] Good.
That would be great, Shirou.
Thank you.
[gasps]
Oh, your hand.
Look!
[Shirou] Hmm?
Where'd this come from?
I must have cut myself when I
was tinkering with my old junk.
It doesn't hurt
so I'm sure it'll fade soon.
My hand's fine.
Nothing to worry about.
[Sakura] Okay.
If you say so,
then I won't worry.
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[buzzing]
[indistinct chatter]
Maybe I'm just tired.
Yeah.
Thanks to you, Emiya,
it looks like we'll have all
the equipment fixed
before tests begin.
I really have
to thank you again.
[Shirou] No problem.
See you later.
[door slides open]
[all laughing]
Uh?
No, it was nothing.
You think that was amazing?
Huh?
[Shirou] Shinji.
So, still at school,
I see, Emiya.
I need to talk to you right now.
It'll just take a minute.
A minute?
That's too bad.
As you can plainly see,
I'm rather busy.
Whatever your little problem is,
it's going to have to wait.
Isn't that right, ladies?
[both giggling]
[Shirou] Hang on.
This is about the bruise
on Sakura's hand.
What?
Did something happen
to Sakura?
Don't dodge the question.
Did you do anything to her?
Why are you asking me?
Like I know anything about her.
Even though she's your sister?
[grunts]
Now listen to me, Emiya.
You're starting
to get on my nerves.
Why do you care
about someone else's sister?
Why don't you mind
your own business
and keep your nose out of it?
[Shirou] You sure you
didn't do anything to her?
[Shinji] No, I didn't.
Wait a minute.
Is Sakura going around saying
that I beat her or something?
‐ No.
‐ [Shinji] There you go, then.
You know, Emiya,
it's really not nice
to make reckless accusations.
I suppose so.
I'm sorry I doubted you.
[scoffs]
If you feel bad,
then why don't you do me
a favor?
See, the dojo's kind
of a mess right now
and could use quite a bit
of serious attention.
Since you've got all
this free time,
maybe you could clean up.
What do you say?
‐ [laughs]
‐ Didn't Ms. Fujimura
specifically tell you
to do that, though?
Don't you think you
should do it?
She's gonna get mad.
It'll be fine.
Besides,
if I started cleaning now,
the shop would be closed
by the time I finished.
[both groaning]
[Shinji] I know I can count
on you, Emiya.
Hey, wait for us.
I'm sorry you have
to do all of this.
[exhales sharply]
[Shirou grunts]
Man, this place never changes.
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[grunts]
Done.
[blow lands]
Huh?
[gasps]
[distant blows landing]
What the hell?
Who are they?
[blows landing]
[gasping]
[grunts]
‐ Who's there?
‐ [gasps]
[breathing heavily]
[shoes squeaking]
[panting]
[screams]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
‐ [Lancer] Yo.
‐ [gasps]
[slicing]
[groans]
[whimpers]
[Lancer] It just
wasn't your lucky day, kid.
Now that you've seen me,
you have to die.
You understand.
Dead men tell no tales,
you know?
Blame your own pathetic life
that you were born without luck
or power.
[groaning]
You make me do
some really nasty jobs.
It's a sick joke for a hero
to have to act like this.
[Lancer] I know,
I know.
I'm not bitching.
I saw the girl's servant,
as you ordered.
I'll be a good boy and return.
Jeez, my master's a nasty son
of a bitch.
[footsteps approaching]
[Rin] If his heart was hit,
there's no way to save him.
[gasps]
[body thuds]
Oh, no!
Why are you here?
Why did you have
to pick on this day...
Yes, there's still a way.
[jewelry jingles]
[magical whooshing]
[groans]
[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
[grunting]
[gasps]
What happened to me?
[breathing heavily]
[groans]
[wincing]
[grunting]
[groaning]
[breathing heavily]
That man in blue,
and the one in red...
What the hell were they?
They weren't ordinary humans.
[Shirou] I was nearly killed
by one of them.
No, I wasn't nearly killed.
I was really killed.
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[groaning]
But I'm here
and I"m still alive.
I was saved by someone
who came along after I was dead.
But who was it?
I wish I could at least
say thank you to them.
[bells jingling]
[gasps]
[both grunting]
[groans]
[gasps]
[panting]
Oh, well.
So much for trying
to be considerate.
It hurts more
if you see it coming.
[gasps]
I can't believe that
I gotta kill
the same person twice
in one day.
I guess the human world
is a bloody place whatever
the era.
Trace on.
[magical whooshing]
[breathing heavily]
Huh?
[scoffs]
This time, kid,
you're going straight
to the afterlife.
Component materials,
strengthening.
[grunts]
[groans]
[Shirou breathing heavily]
Wow.
Now that's a rather odd trick.
[breathing heavily]
It's faint
but I sense mana in you.
So that's why you're still alive
after having
your heart skewered.
[groaning]
This is gonna be
a fun fight after all.
[blows landing]
[Shirou groans]
[breathing heavily]
[shouting]
[whimpering]
[groaning]
Huh.
I was kind enough
to give you a chance, kid,
but you blew it.
[whimpering]
[groaning]
Jeez, come on, kid.
Man up already, dammit.
[breathing heavily]
[shouts]
[groans]
Checkmate.
That last move
was pretty surprising, kid.
[whimpering]
But I really don't get it,
though.
You're fast on your feet
but you're hopeless
at magecraft.
You do have a knack for it.
It could be that you are meant
to be the seventh master.
Well, even if you were,
this is the end for you.
Screw all this.
[shuddering]
[Shirou] My live was spared.
And so I'm not going
to let myself be killed
that easily.
I have to live
and fulfill all my obligations,
and I can't do that if I'm dead.
I'm not gonna be killed here
for no reason!
Not by a bastard like you!
No matter what it costs me!
The seventh servant is here?
‐ [Saber] I ask you.
‐ [gasps]
[Saber] Are you worthy to be...
My master?
Your master?
I'm your servant, Saber.
I have come in response
to your summons.
Your order, master.
[groans]
My sword will henceforth be
at your side.
Your fate is now my fate.
[Saber] Our pact is now sealed.
Wait!
What do you mean by "our pact?"
[blows landing]
[grunting]
[gasps]
[both grunting]
[blows landing]
[grunting]
[both grunting]
[groans]
[grunts]
[blows landing]
[shouts]
[groaning]
Who do you think you are,
concealing your weapon
like some kind of a coward?
[grunts]
What is wrong, Lancer?
Simply standing there
will give spearmen a bad name.
[Saber] If you will not come
to me,
I shall go to you.
Before you do,
let me ask you this.
Is a sword your Noble Phantasm?
[Saber] Perhaps.
Perhaps not.
It may be a battle axe
ore a polearm.
[weapon clangs]
Or it might even be a bow,
or a weapon like yours, Lancer.
[scoffs]
Very funny,
swordsman.
What is that stance?
[Lancer] I have
one more question for you.
Since this is our first meeting,
would you like to just call it
a draw?
I think not.
You will fall here, Lancer,
and you know it.
Is that so?
Damn, my objective was simply
to observe.
[grunts]
Ready or not,
I shall come to take your life!
Gae...
Bolg!
[rumbling]
[gasps]
You're very lucky, Saber.
You dodged my ultimate blow.
[electric sparking]
A curse?
No, wait.
The blow reverses cause
and effect?
[Saber] That was Gae Bolg.
You must be Ireland's child
of light.
Damn.
I really messed up.
If I use that move,
it has to be fatal
or I'm in big trouble.
[footsteps approaching]
[gasps]
[Lancer] My master is somewhat
of a coward, you see.
You dodged my spear
so he's ordering me
to retreat now.
You're running away?
You're more than welcome
to follow.
But if you do,
you had better prepare yourself
to die.
Wait, come back!
Is she some kind of idiot?
[grunts]
Hey, are you all right?
Oh, my God.
What the hell are you?
As you can see,
I am your saber‐class servant.
As such,
could you please call me Saber?
[gasping]
My name is Shirou.
Shirou Emiya.
Emiya?
[gasps]
I live here.
No, wait.
That's not what I really want
to say.
[Saber] I see.
I understand that you are not
a proper master.
[Shirou] Uh...
But despite that fact,
you are my master all the same.
[Shirou] Wait, isn't it weird
to start calling me master all
of a sudden like that?
Then I shall call you Shirou.
Yes, the sound of that
is quite pleasing to my ears.
[groans]
[gasps]
What the hell?
[Saber] Those are what is known
as command seals.
Try to avoid
using them carelessly.
Shirou, please heal me.
You're asking me to do that?
Sorry, but magic like that
is way beyond me.
I shall face them
in my current condition, then.
[Saber] There
are two enemies outside.
One more battle should not pose
a problem for me.
[Shirou] What do you mean,
enemies outside?
What's going on?
[panting, gasps]
Saber, stop!
Are you insane, Shirou?
I could have defeated them
handily right now!
Why did you stop me?
[Shirou] Just hold on a second!
I have no idea what's
going on here!
If I'm your master,
at least tell me what this
is about!
[Saber] We have no time for this
in front of the enemy!
‐ [grunts]
‐ [Rin] Ah.
‐ So that's how it is to be.
‐ [gasps]
[Rin] My good novice master.
For starters,
good evening...
Shirou Emiya.
[Kalafina's "Believe"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[chorus singing
in foreign language]
♪♪ ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]